[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
FINALE
[background chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
There you are.
[sighs]
Wanna pay your respects?
[exhales heavily]
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[breathes deeply]
[inhales]
[somber music]
[sniffles]
[breathes shakily]
[funeral guests clamoring]
[sniffles]
[indistinct chatter]
[somber music continues]
[Hye-jin sniffles]
What are all these pictures?
A long time ago,
she saw a table of photos
at someone's wedding,
and she wanted one too.
Except she said
it couldn't be at her wedding
so it should be at her funeral.
I said that she couldn't be serious.
But she was.
She said the next big event in her life
would be her funeral.
[Hye-jin sniffles]
She said she wants…
[Du-sik sighs]
…her friends and family
to eat and laugh altogether.
[soft chuckle]
That she'll have gone to a good place,
so we should grill potato jeon
and drink some makgeolli.
[inhales sharply]
So we're having fun.
We're making her last wish come true.
[laughter]
[overlapping chatter]
Don't be ridiculous.
As if.
-Oh, look at that.
-Whoa!
So are you gonna help out or not?
[overlapping chatter]
-Oh, look at you.
-Yeah, that's…
-[Yun-gyeongl] Are you full?
-[Geum-cheol] Let's call Du-sik over.
[Ju-ri] No way. I don't want to.
-Dr. Yoon, sit over here.
-Come on. Come over.
-Right here.
-Okay.
Go on.
They're glad that you're here.
I'll get you yukgaejang if you want?
Ah, I forgot you don't like it.
I'll eat. Is there a bowl here?
I'll eat as much as I can.
Okay.
-[Ju-ri] Hey, take a look.
-[Geum-cheol] Right?
-Oh, wow. Hello.
-Director Ji!
Director!
-Hey!
-Oh, gosh. You came, please.
Ah, go ahead. Go ahead.
[sighs]
-Hye-jin.
-Seong-hyeon.
Chief Hong.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
[indistinct chatter]
You'll have some yukgaejang, right?
[Seong-hyeon] Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
[Yun-gyeong] Are you kidding me?
Calm down and listen to me.
Hwa-jeong, come here. Come here.
Yeah. Just… You're here.
-Hang on.
-What?
-I've always been like that.
-Where did she go? I don't see her.
-[man] Could I join you guys?
-Hello, you came.
Oh! Oh, please.
Have a seat.
-Come here.
-Hey.
No.
-[Ju-ri] Seriously?
-See you around.
REST IN PEACE
Good to see you too.
[woman] What is that over there?
Thanks for coming out.
Of course, we had to.
I'm worried about you.
I'm glad to see everything's good.
Mm-hmm.
[inhales]
You ought to head back soon.
It's a long drive.
Well, I, I'm sure Ms. Gam-ri
went somewhere that's nice.
She's a good person.
Thank you.
Drive safe, okay?
And thanks again for coming.
Sure. We'll head out.
-Mm. Drive safe, you two.
-See you.
[funeral guests chattering]
[car doors open, close]
[engine revving]
Okay. I'll walk you back.
It's okay.
I was thinking I'd stay with you tonight.
Ah, wouldn't be comfy.
How about you come in the morning, hmm?
Are you all right?
Hmm?
It just seems like…
you're just acting
like you're fine, that's all.
I don't know.
It hasn't sunk in for me yet.
And it's not my first time doing this.
Yet, it's still so difficult.
I picture Ms. Gam-ri's face
from when she'd sit on the porch.
I can hear her voice also
asking me to come over
and to help her out.
I think my brain doesn't know she's gone.
So it feels like…
I don't have to let her go.
[smacks lips, inhales sharply]
I will, though, but for now,
I'll keep her with me.
[tranquil music]
[sighs]
[sniffles]
[Hye-jin exhales deeply]
[tranquil music continues]
[crickets creaking]
[Du-sik sighs]
[music fades]
Du-sik…
I…
I can't quite…
recall her face.
I've been looking
at my mother's picture all day.
It just doesn't look like her.
Anyway, my mother, did she…
Did she seem happy to you?
Was she fulfilled?
Mm-hmm.
Laughed a lot.
Had fun wherever she'd go.
[inhales sharply]
She helped everybody too.
She was happy.
She was the lady we grew up with.
[inhales deeply]
I always thought…
[smacks lips]
…that she…
would be here for a while.
I'd say I'll see her next time
and next time and I…
I ran out of chances.
[laughs feebly]
When parents pass away,
children with the most regret
cry for days.
[breathes deeply]
And I don't deserve to cry.
I don't deserve that.
It's not like her implants
would have cost a fortune…
[inhales deeply]
…but I couldn't even bother
to get her to the dentist.
[smacks lips]
She got them, though.
The procedure went well.
And she had as much meat and squid
as she could eat.
[somber music]
Oh, boy, I'm a fool.
My kid probably wants to get away from me.
My mother… put me first always.
[sobs]
I should have returned the favor.
[Won-seok laughs bitterly]
[Won-seok] I'm such an idiot.
[Won-seok sniffles]
I'll carry this guilt forever.
And I can't even apologize.
I ran out of time to be a good son.
What can I do?
I can't go on now.
No, that's not true.
What would she'd do
if she heard you say that?
In her eyes, you were…
a wonderful and loving son.
She adored you.
You're her ambitious son.
"He's an accountant in Seoul."
She was happy just talking about you.
You did provide for her,
and she was so happy.
She lives for you.
[somber music continues]
Mom…
[Won-seok crying]
Mom!
[wailing]
Mom…
[wailing continues]
-[waves crashing]
-[bells ringing]
[male pallbearer singing dirge]
[pallbearers singing dirge]
[singing dirge continues]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[soft piano music]
[soft piano music continues]
[birds screeching]
Won-seok said that
he's not going to sell the house.
He'll leave it as it is.
-[sniffles]
-You think he will?
It's his childhood home, so maybe.
He says he'll come by sometime.
I should visit twice a week.
I think houses decay faster
when they're empty.
You're right.
Do you think she's over
on the other side watching us?
Yeah. I bet she is the prettiest one
in the whole place.
Thanks to Dr. Yoon.
We saw her eat so much squid in a day.
She ate to her heart's content.
[sniffles]
Mat-i, tell me you'll stick around.
You have to stay alive,
otherwise, I'll get bored.
You'd be free from my criticism, though.
Do the worst you can.
Judge my choices. Even make fun of me.
You just… can't leave me alone.
I'll do my best.
Promise? Come on.
I said I would.
[both sobbing]
[soft piano music]
[sighs]
This is way too much.
[smacks lips]
[sighs]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
What's up?
What do you have? Soap?
Mm-hmm. You want any?
-I added tangerine peels.
-[soft chuckle]
I'll take some.
Hungry?
[chuckles softly]
I don't know.
What's that supposed to mean?
Come on. I'll treat you to something.
Why bother? Come on, let's go.
I'll cook for us.
I'll cook for you.
[soft chuckle]
[Hye-jin] This time,
I memorized the whole recipe.
It will be good, but it'll take a while.
[soft chuckle]
You still have the corn she left?
[clicks tongue]
I guess it's too old to cook.
I just can't throw them out.
I, I can't even touch them.
You know,
they say when you lose someone you love,
it's important to mourn them.
If you don't,
all the grief will spread and grow
in your body…
'til you can't take it anymore.
FOR DU-SIK
[melancholy music]
[Gam-ri] Du-sik, you should eat.
No matter how hard life gets,
one should still eat.
Ever since you were a child,
you've been living with a broken heart,
and the only thing I could do for you
was cook you food.
You ate the food I made and grew so tall.
You have no idea how proud I was of you.
Du-sik, do you remember
what you said to me?
You said that the best thing
a parent can do for their child
is staying healthy.
It's the same with parents.
It tears our hearts out
when our children are in pain.
[no audible dialogue]
Du-sik, you are my son
and also my grandson.
Don't you ever forget that.
Du-sik, people should live
among other people.
Life may seem
like a burden to you at times,
but if you choose to be among others,
just like you did for me,
someone will carry you on their back.
So Du-sik,
stop locking yourself up in your house,
eat the food I made,
and come out to see us.
[melancholy music rises]
Her handwriting was always pretty.
Hmm. It is pretty.
I, uh…
I asked her a while ago…
why she wouldn't take my money
if it's 'cause I'm not family to her.
[sobs]
And then she calls me her son. I…
And grandson.
You were.
[Du-sik cries]
[crying]
[somber music]
[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[Du-sik breathes heavily]
[Hye-jin] That day,
we said our belated farewell
to Ms. Gam-ri.
With all of the losses
Du-sik had already been through,
he had extra grief
that had been bottled up.
He hadn't been able
to fully mourn or grieve before.
For the first time,
he could just cry.
[Du-sik sobbing]
The rest of the town mourned Ms. Gam-ri
in their own ways.
She forgot her sock.
[birds chirping]
[somber music continues]
GONGJIN KOREAN-CHINESE RESTAURANT
BORA SUPERMARKET
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[guitar tune strings]
[sighing]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[Hye-jin] We all felt what
we've been told by our elders
that as long as we hold those we've lost,
in our memories,
they're never really gone.
[somber music continues]
[soft chuckle]
ONE MONTH LATER
[Seong-hyeon yawning]
[yawning continues]
Ms. Wang, your hair is really greasy,
at first, I thought
it got caught in the rain.
Thanks.
Your hair is so oily
you should go to a repair shop.
-They could use the grease on cars.
-[chuckles softly]
-Oh, my gosh.
-We're done.
My show's officially edited!
Good job.
-[sighs wearily]
-[grunts]
-Let's applaud.
-Oh!
-Thank you, for all your hard work.
-[sighs]
Everyone needs to shower once
before press day.
Okay. I almost forgot I don't live here.
[pained groan]
Is your stomach again?
Yeah, it's from all the stress.
Let's go to the hospital.
It's okay. I've had it before. It'll pass.
Do-ha, can you get some warm water?
-Yeah.
-Good.
[breathes heavily]
The lounge will be
more comfortable, I think.
-Let's go.
-[breathes deeply]
Come on.
[groans]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. There.
For you.
FAST-ACTING MEDICINE
This…
It suck if you run out
so I carry some myself too.
You can take it now.
Wait.
I also have…
[grunts]
Here we go.
[Ji-won scoffs]
Really? You carry around a hand warmer?
It's barely even autumn now.
Well, it's coming handy now, hasn't it?
Here. Put it on your stomach.
-[warm music]
-[sighs]
You did talk to your doctor, right?
She checked it out?
Mm-hmm. They said I was fine.
It's just all the stress.
We should stop eating
spicy tteokbokki so much.
Ah. And cabbage juice for you.
It doesn't taste good, but it can--
Director Ji.
I need you to…
stop being so nice to me.
[warm music continues]
I'm sure you figured it out.
I have a crush on you.
You just always look out for me.
And you know me really well too.
It's just what happens
when you work together for so long.
It just happens.
-Ji… Ji-won--
-So when…
When you act like that,
I think that you might like me too.
Now I know better
so we can't work together.
[groans]
[warm music]
[knocking on door]
Do you have it all?
I just started packing.
[sighs]
You need all this?
I do, Chief Hong.
Thanks for being okay with me going away.
[smacks lips]
It's a good opportunity, I get it.
[Mi-seon scoffs]
You're going to Seoul
and bringing your whole closet, hmm?
Hye-jin, is it a three-day seminar,
or are you moving there forever?
[Mi-seon snorts]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[Hye-jin] Honestly,
I was offered a teaching position.
In Seoul, year-round?
Mm-hmm.
[water gushing]
You should do it.
I thought about it.
Seoul must want you back.
I wanted to go back.
Then, you will accept.
You know you have to accept it.
You're a little stupid sometimes.
Huh?
"I wanted." It's past tense.
What tense would be
the most clear for you?
What do you prefer?
I won't move back to Seoul.
My life is here now.
If you like it or not.
You gave up your dream because of me?
[gasps]
What?
Would I do anything I didn't want to?
I chose this.
And nothing you do
or say can change my mind.
And anyway, Gongjin needs me.
To keep the neighborhood clean.
To visit Seumseum at I-jun's,
and Ju-ri needs someone
to talk about DOS with.
Most importantly, though,
I'm the one and only dentist
in all of Gongjin.
[soft chuckle]
And last but not least,
'cause I wanna be where you are.
[Du-sik] Thank you.
Thank you, Hye-jin.
I like it here anyway.
As much as you do.
[lively music]
Gongjin just feels like my home.
[both laugh]
Jeez, are you gonna get a plow?
How else can you move all this stuff?
[soft chuckle]
-Is it really too much?
-[Du-sik] Mm?
No way. You'd have to change
15 times a day perhaps.
Exactly. You understand?
[Du-sik] I do.
-Good luck.
-I'll be back before you know it.
-Can you help me?
-Yeah, hang on.
-Does this have a tag?
-Yeah.
Is everything new?
It's not. Well, most of it is.
-[both laugh]
-[music fades]
Hmm.
[Eun-cheol] What are you looking for?
Ah, my lottery ticket.
I forgot to check
the winning numbers yesterday.
Where is it anyway?
You must like the lottery.
I didn't know that about you.
[Mi-seon] Hmm.
It's the one thing that keeps me going
when everything else is awful.
Mm.
Hey, could you look up the numbers
that one this week?
Sorry? Oh!
Yeah. One second.
Here. Found it.
Yeah.
-Okay.
-[smooches]
Here you go.
Hm. Okay.
[clears throat]
A six!
Eight.
Nine.
[Mi-seon] Twenty-four.
Thirty-six. Wait.
Oh…
[both chuckle softly]
[shocked gasp]
[gasps]
[surprised gasping]
[groans]
-Eun-cheol!
-Hold on.
[panting]
[Mi-seon] We're good. We're all good now.
Our lives are good forever.
We're settled for a lifetime.
-Oh, my gosh!
-[chair scrapes]
[Mi-seon gasping, groaning]
-Wow! I can't believe it!
-[Eun-cheol] Mi-seon…
-Is this real life?
-They… They're…
-These aren't right.
-[gasping]
-[Eun-cheol] It's…
-Wait.
-What?
-It was numbers from last week.
Numbers from last week.
-How?
-I think that I…
I got the numbers
from last week by mistake.
WEEK 987
WEEK 988
[playful music]
[groans]
Mi-seon.
-[moans]
-I, I'm sorry.
[playful music continues]
Are you upset?
No.
I just watched my world fall apart.
Hopes and dreams burned to the ground.
I'm sure that took years off my life.
If you did really win the lottery,
what'd you do with the money?
[soft chuckle]
I'd get a house, of course.
A house that we could live in someday.
[Mi-seon chuckling]
Mi-seon!
Follow me. We're going somewhere.
What do you think of this place?
[Mi-seon] What do you mean?
Would it be a nice spot
for us to build our own house?
[chuckles]
[Mi-seon] Are you kidding? This is great.
[Mi-seon chuckles]
[sighs]
However,
my savings say it's, uh, no go.
Unless…
BALANCE
[Mi-seon] Am I seeing things?
But why are there so many zeroes?
Well, that's what I've got
from 1.4 billion won
after 33 percent in public charge and tax.
[gasps]
I won the lottery.
Gongjin is full of mysteries.
Your lottery winner.
Oh, there you are.
I'm sorry. You must be busy studying.
They're not done fixing the road yet,
are they?
Not yet, and it's still really windy.
-[Yun-gyeong] Ah.
-Is everything okay?
[sighs]
Bo-ra hit I-jun at school.
[chuckles]
In ten minutes, can you close the store
so I can get her, please?
I'll do it. Take as much time as you need.
[laughs]
-Thank you.
-See you soon.
[cheerful music]
[Eun-cheol] I mean, I never played before,
and I spotted a ticket.
[Mi-seon exclaims]
And somehow I won the jackpot.
But I've never told anyone.
[gasps]
[Mi-seon] Hang on.
Some more money's been taken out.
It looks like a lot.
That was for donations.
-What?
-[Eun-cheol] When I won,
I was years into studying
for the police academy.
-Mm-hmm.
-Suddenly,
I'd won. Quite a lot.
The money would be distracting me
from my studies.
I asked myself a question.
"Choi Eun-cheol, who do you actually
want to be in life?
A rich guy or a police officer?"
I picked an officer.
So then, why did I pick a police officer?
Well, 'cause…
I really wanted
to make the world a better place.
Donating some money would do that too,
so I donated a little every month.
Eun-cheol,
you're too much, you know?
Huh?
[playful music]
I just… How are you so cool?
How can one person be so perfect?
You're a diamond hiding away,
and I liked you before,
and I can't believe that
you're even better than I thought.
[sighs]
Are you sad I gave it away?
Uh…
[chuckles softly]
Uh, honestly,
for maybe three seconds at first.
I was a little sad
that you just donated it.
[chuckles]
Not really, though.
I'll never regret what you've done
to make the world a better place.
And anyway, you're smart enough
to get a job after winning the lottery,
you're set.
But what do we need?
A house? We don't need to buy,
we can build it.
We can bring bricks and lumber
and build it from the ground up.
[clears throat]
Mi-seon.
Could you look at the next page, please?
[Mi-seon] Hm?
You still have winnings left?
[playful music continues]
A picturesque house
at the top of the greenest mountain.
What do you think?
Well, if it's with my love,
I'd live there
for a hundred years with you.
Uh…
[Mi-seon] Eun-cheol.
-[Mi-seon chuckles]
-Yes?
[Mi-seon] I couldn't be happier.
[giggles]
[waves crashing]
[music fades]
-[soft chuckle]
-[groans]
[whimpers]
What's wrong with you?
[sighs]
Really, though.
I wish I didn't have to go.
[sighs]
I think I could still cancel.
Cancel? You're the main speaker
at the seminar.
I could do it.
[groans]
How am I gonna survive
-without you for days?
-Okay, okay, okay.
I can't do it.
Just come to Seoul with me.
Ah, you know that I can't.
There's too much to do.
Oh, schedule, smedule.
Pick up and deliver the fish,
fix up the torn nets.
And I have to play with the town dog.
-Uh, Bugyeong.
-[Bugyeong howls]
No.
-[chuckles]
-The dog comes before me?
I didn't say that.
If I could, I'd carry you
in my pocket all day.
-Chief Hong.
-Yes?
I'd carry you in my suitcase.
-Could I fit? Here.
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
You get in my bag, okay?
-If you get in, I'll run off.
-Should I?
[Du-sik] Is it too big for you?
[Hye-jin] No, it's the perfect size.
-[Du-sik] The perfect size?
-[Hye-jin] I'm going in.
They're starting to make me sick.
-What do we do?
-[laughs]
What am I gonna do with you, Du-sik?
[whimpers]
I'm not feeling so hot.
Let's go to a sauna together.
I just got a full body scrub, you go.
That was a week ago.
-Come on. I'll treat you to sikhye.
-[sighs]
-Are you gonna pay?
-Yeah.
I like to treat my friends
-'cause you know I'll always…
-My skin would come off.
-Come on!
-[sighs]
-[Cho-hui] Hwa-jeong.
-[chuckles]
[laughs]
What the hell?
You two, going out?
Oh, no, I only stopped in
'cause I heard you both in here, so…
Oh, yeah?
I'll leave you both,
but you better not have too much fun.
-[scoffs]
-[laughs]
You're so clingy. Knock it off.
-[laughing]
-[cell phone chiming]
Oh, yeah? Oh, well, is that new?
[laughs]
Hello?
-Huh?
-Now? All right.
-[phone chimes]
-You can stay.
Where do you have to go?
-Yeong-guk wants to meet up.
-Oh.
[Nam-suk laughs excitedly]
Hwa-jeong, tell him we say hi!
[laughs]
She goes fast if she wants to, huh?
Remember, I'm the one who brought
you back together. Be grateful!
Gosh, hello.
[laughs]
Gosh.
[clears throat]
Why'd you need me?
Because I think we should
make something official.
-You know where I work, right?
-Why do you ask? The town hall.
We changed the name along while back.
It's now the Administration
and Welfare Center.
But I was barely used to it
being called Town Hall.
That name's too long to say.
I guess you could call
the AW Center for short.
Anyway, my official place of work
is the Administration and Welfare Center.
Also, I want to
be your personal AW Center.
[scoffs]
Open 24/7 to hear requests
and complaints from you.
Giving timely solutions.
How do you know
you can handle all my complaints?
Oh, I can.
[Yeong-guk] Bring it on.
Hey, why do we look around?
I can give you a tour.
I'll get swag for you.
No, I'll bring it out to you here instead.
Swag? What is that?
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
What's this?
You really don't know?
It's the exact same tonic
that you got for me.
Do you think this gift is good?
I know it's not anything incredibly fancy.
One of the most important things
to me is your health.
We're halfway through our lives.
We have to drink stuff like this
to stay healthy well into our 80s.
That's too easy a goal.
A hundred is much better.
Wow, Hwa-jeong.
You've always been stubborn.
[laughs]
I'll have one.
I'll drink it all right now.
You'll drink the whole thing?
Okay.
[grunts]
Here. That's for you.
Bottoms up.
[laughs]
Wow.
[chuckles]
My personal AW Center is pretty good.
[laughs]
They made me much happier.
[light music]
Hwa-jeong…
[Hwa-jeong] Don't cry.
If you cry, I'll cry.
I won't. I'm good.
[sighs, smacks lips]
[soft chuckle]
[light music continues]
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
[groaning]
No. Take it easy, okay?
Mother said that it's essential
to be careful after a baby is born.
I can't believe you didn't stay home.
Lying in bed all day. I get so bored.
I swear I'll be careful.
The boxes need to be moved.
I'll get them. I will. So sit.
-[groans]
-[Geum-cheol] Yun-gyeong,
-lucky you.
-Yes?
Front row seat to the show.
Okay?
[laughs]
-[scoffs]
-[Geum-cheol groans]
[clatters]
[groans]
Are you shitting me?
Yun-gyeong, is that a Russian word?
Oh, Ivan taught you?
I said I'd handle it.
Why the hell do you have to insist
on moving them?
Have you gone blind?
I liked her when she was pregnant
'cause she couldn't drink.
Yun-gyeong, let's have a third kid.
You want a baby,
and I'm not even recovered
from having the second one?
Do you have a death wish,
you goddamn bastard?
-Let's see.
-[Yun-gyeong] Come on!
-[indistinct shouting]
-[distant dor barks]
[Yun-gyeong] Come here and die.
Die, you piece of shit!
[Bo-ra] Oh, no. I broke another one.
-[annoyed sigh]
-All done.
Let me see.
You did it.
Lucky you.
Could the heart-shaped one be easier?
[sighs]
That's what I should've bought.
Here.
It's for you.
[Bo-ra] What?
Bo-ra Choi,
you know what my giving you
a heart means, right?
Yes, of course.
This heart right here?
It's just a shape.
-It's tasty.
-[sighs]
But I put a lot of effort into it.
And it meant a great deal.
Hey, let's go to your place
to look at Seumseum.
Sure.
[giggles]
Yeah.
[cheerful music]
[horn honks]
[Seong-hyeon] Chief Hong!
Isn't Seoul too far away
for you to visit so much?
I'm here for lunch.
I heard you make
a great chicken porridge soup.
-My chef's not in today.
-[Seong-hyeon] Really?
That won't do!
[chuckles]
Chief Hong, you don't have to
make the exact dish.
Even the gambas was delicious enough.
-[Du-sik] Let's order pizza.
-What?
You're not going to cook for us?
Hmm.
If you head out now,
you'll be in Seoul in time for dinner.
[groans, mumbles]
I do love pizza.
Pizza is great.
[Du-sik] All right.
[sighs]
-I'm a regular at the--
-You'll order two, right?
At least a large for us then.
[smacks lips]
I'm just gonna use the app.
It's quick.
We could do this one?
-There.
-Mm-hm.
-Here.
Uh, there.
Dough?
That one.
[breathes excitedly]
Whoa.
It looks great.
Let me…
[slurps]
Mmm.
[exclaims]
What?
-Are you kidding me?
-What now?
It's amazing!
[groans]
Do you always make such a fuss?
-[Seong-hyeon] Mmm.
-It's a pizza.
[both laugh]
You're actually right.
Right? Isn't it good?
[soft chuckle]
That's really, really good.
-[exclaims]
-Mmm. Mm.
[chuckles]
When we first met,
I never thought we'd be here,
eating as good friends.
Life works in strange ways.
[munches]
Are we friends, though?
Yeah. You're saying we're not?
[sucks teeth]
I don't know.
What was that?
Evidence.
You wouldn't share garlic sauce
if we're not.
I like hot sauce better.
[upbeat music]
[slurping]
Mm.
Mmm.
-That was delicious.
-[exhales]
[clicks tongue]
[exhales deeply]
Now, tell me, why'd you come?
Aah. Just for lunch.
I can see more than that
written on your face, man.
I had to clear my head,
so I drove and ended up here.
Oh, so, you didn't get lost
and wander here.
[scoffs]
I'd say I'm lost in life, though.
Is it Ms. Wang?
[both chuckle]
We've always worked together.
Well, we had a lot
of creative differences,
despite that, we always felt like a team.
So what?
I figured she'd be there for everything.
I'm just scared that…
[inhales deeply]
…we could fall apart forever
if I mess anything up.
So you finally wanna see
if she'd go out with you.
[inhales deeply]
Hey, man, we can't stay inside forever
just because you're afraid of the rain.
It's time to make your move.
You know how she feels,
so you just gotta go.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
Right now?
Uh, I'll be there.
[cell phone chimes]
I gotta run. I'm sorry but…
-Hmm?
-Bye.
-I'll do the dishes for you.
-[Du-sik] Thanks.
[sighs]
[gentle music]
WRITER WANG
[gentle music rises]
[breathes deeply]
WANG JI-WON CELEBRATING
END OF HER FIRST SHOW
Oh, my.
-How are you?
-Hye-jin.
-I'm good.
-Ready to go?
-[Myeong-sin] Isn't the weather great?
-[Hye-jin] It's been beautiful.
[Myeong-sin laughs]
I'm sorry your dad couldn't join us today.
He told you about the funeral? Hm?
-A little when we talked.
-[soft chuckle]
I've been…
wanting to have a meal
with just us anyway.
Huh?
[soft chuckle]
Okay. Well, it's good.
The food's really good.
[laughs]
-I'm so glad.
-[Myeong-sin] Hmm.
How's Chief Hong doing?
Oh, he's really well.
I'll bring him with me one day.
We should all get food.
Like in Gongjin.
Hye-jin,
do you remember when you came over
when you were in college?
We hadn't met before that.
-Yeah.
-[Myeong-sin] Mm.
To tell you the truth,
I was nervous at first.
Then you ate a piece of my braised potato
and said, "Oh, this is good."
[Myeong-sin chuckles softly]
And that was it.
Things were still new,
so we kept eating quietly.
[breathes in sharply]
But it warmed my heart to hear that.
That's when I thought that
joining your family would just be okay.
We could sit together.
Enjoy some food. Chat.
I thought it could be wonderful.
I still remember…
those potatoes are great.
[chuckles]
I can make more.
How about when you bring Chief Hong,
you both stop by the house?
Okay.
Our dining table
has four chairs as you know.
[Myeong-sin chuckles]
So we have space for everyone.
Oh, that sounds great.
We'll visit soon.
[Myeong-sin] Good.
[soft chuckle]
[munching]
Chief Hong, don't you read manga?
My favorite is The Rose of Versailles.
-[quirky music]
-Chief Hong, let's open some wine.
Maybe the bush clover?
Oh, if you want to, I mean.
You should eat more braised beans.
They're not great
when you first bite them,
but they get sweeter as you chew them.
They're very good for you.
[light guitar music]
[sighs]
[inhales deeply]
I miss her so much.
[smacks lips]
[light guitar music continues]
They do get sweet.
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[door closes]
[Chun-jae] Du-sik.
What are you doing?
What do you mean? I'm making coffee.
I really don't think you are.
Look at your hand.
Oh.
[gasps]
What the heck?
-[annoyed sigh]
-What in the world is happening?
It was overflowing
right in front of your face.
-I know.
-[cell phone chimes]
[Chun-jae] Jeez.
[thuds]
Chun-jae, I'm sorry,
but, but I have to leave now.
-You'll be okay?
-Sure.
Are you…
[pained scream]
Argh! Damn, it's hot! You bastard!
-[blows air]
-[door closes]
Oh. I don't have any fingerprints left.
[inhales sharply]
[cheerful music]
[breathes heavily]
Chief Hong!
[breathes excitedly]
[soft chuckle]
[squeals, giggles]
[grunts]
I really missed you.
Me too.
[squeals]
[Hye-jin] I'm going to marry Chief Hong.
[scoffs]
Okay.
I'm gonna marry Eun-cheol next spring.
You have to catch my bouquet, okay?
Tomorrow's the day. I'm proposing.
Hmm?
Unless that's too soon?
Wednesday?
It's fine. Hye-jin, I shouldn't have
expected anything else from you.
It is fast, though,
why did you pick tomorrow?
I just don't like seeing him alone.
I just can't wait to become his family.
[groans]
Hye-jin,
when did you grow up and get old?
Do you wanna catch my bouquet?
Hye-jin, don't put the cart
before the horse.
There's a chance he could say no.
No way.
[snickers]
-I hadn't thought about that.
-[Mi-seon] Don't worry.
If it's good enough, he has to agree, hmm?
[sucks teeth]
So what are you thinking?
I need a plan.
I thought about it
driving back from Seoul.
I tried the whole way, but I got nothing.
I'm not creative enough.
Not you. Our schools.
Of course, you're not creative
with our school system.
You're a victim, you know,
of our country's ancient curriculum
that we know has huge gaps.
I just need to come up
with something he'd never forget.
[exhales sharply]
What am I gonna do?
If you're having trouble,
do something classic.
Don't do something huge
that no one's done before.
Do think about your memories
and what you've done together, you know?
And that is where
you'll find your proposal!
[gasps]
You got it?
[relieved sigh]
It worked.
You're a genius.
-[birds screeching]
-[waves crashing]
[clattering]
[cell phone chimes]
MS. DENTIST
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong,
meet me at the beach.
[waves crashing]
[soft chuckle]
[Du-sik] So…
What's going on?
Well, I was thinking about
when we first met.
[chuckles]
We were both walking disasters back then.
Oh, yeah.
We were rough.
[both laugh]
[Hye-jin] I can imagine what you saw.
You must've thought
I was crazy or at least strange.
A practical stranger
begging you to find her shoe
and lend her money.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
We butt heads like, "Bam, bam, bam."
[soft music]
[soft chuckle]
[Hye-jin] But the waves…
crashing on the beach…
brought us here
to this moment, this place,
almost like how my shoes came back.
[soft music continues]
I'd love it
if our shoes…
lives side by side at the door forever.
Never lonely.
Chief Hong.
Would you marry me?
No way.
-Huh?
-No.
Why not?
I just… I…
Well, I, I don't…
[sighs]
I mean… Why…
Did you think that…
[frustrated groan]
You okay?
[sighs]
-[quirky music]
-I was gonna propose to you today,
but you just beat me to it.
I had planned
what I was gonna say and now…
-You did before I could.
-I mean…
I don't think it matters
who does it first.
What matters is we love each other
and wanna get married.
So now you, you can take
the lead from here, yeah?
I'll pass the baton to you.
Think of it like a relay race.
You're the last runner on the team,
get us to the finish line at the end.
Go on.
How am I supposed to do this
after your speech?
No, you'll do great.
Good luck.
[chuckling]
[clears throat]
[sighs]
You said…
that when we met, we were in bad shape.
I never thought so.
[soft piano music]
[Du-sik] I remember a woman
on the beach that day.
She didn't seem like a mess at all,
but I could see sadness in her eyes.
I just couldn't get her out of my head.
She lit up wherever she went.
[soft piano music continues]
I never thought…
that I could ever feel like this.
[sniffs]
[gasps]
Chief Hong!
It took 637 work hours to pay for this.
Promise you won't sell it online?
[gasps]
It's too much.
I'll keep it. Till I die.
[Hye-jin] I promise.
Two pairs of shoes by the door,
and always two toothbrushes.
Two aprons hung up in the kitchen.
Everything will be in pairs.
In the same house, tomorrow, today,
and all of time…
just you and me.
[soft chuckle]
I love you.
You too.
[romantic music]
What's that? Oh.
[Du-sik] What?
[gasps]
Your shoe. Your shoe!
What? No, my shoe!
-[both laugh]
-[Hye-jin screams]
[grunts]
[romantic music continues]
[romantic music]
[birds chirping]
-What's up?
-[Hye-jin] Oh, this?
I'm making a contract
of things we'll do when we're married.
Ah, Hye-jin, how far ahead are you
on that contract?
What can I say? I like planning ahead.
Just to an extreme.
[smacks lips]
So tell me.
What you got?
Oh. For your safety,
I'm not allowed in the kitchen.
We both know what happens
when I go in there.
Yes, I know too well.
[breathes sharply]
You should never have
to get your hands wet.
Ooh! Okay, you.
[both chuckle]
To say thanks, I'll make sure
you keep your teeth healthy.
Ooh, that's a good deal. I love it.
Yeah? So that's my job.
I also wanna do the laundry.
My wardrobe, there's a lot
of maintenance that goes
into keeping it in good shape.
Okay. Then I clean the house.
[Hye-jin] All right.
Cleaning goes to Chief Hong.
CHIEF HONG
Hey.
For how long are you chief of the area?
I've never thought about it. Why?
If it's… the community you wanna help,
there maybe other positions
you could go for
to reach for the stars a little.
Oh, the next step up is zone chief.
[breathes in sharply]
I guess Hwa-jeong's term
is done soon enough.
No.
Think bigger.
-Hm?
-[Hye-jin] Well, um…
[smacks lips]
You could run for more than that.
A city councilor or a congressman.
Ah, go, go, go, go.
That's you and your ambition.
I just…
think you're too good
at just being area chief.
You're cute.
[chuckles]
Speaking of being chief,
are you ever gonna use my real name?
What do you mean?
Are you gonna say my name
like I say yours?
Your name?
You mean like this?
[clears throat]
Du-sik.
-[Hye-jin squeals]
-[playful music]
I can't, it's too funny.
It's just such an old man's name.
You can't use my name 'cause it's funny?
It's just not cute, and it's not you.
Well, you could call me oppa
if you want to.
You said you'd kill me if I did.
Well, I've changed.
That was a long time ago.
Oppa.
-Oppa, oppa…
-[laughs]
Oh, that was weird. It gave me chills.
Yeah, me too.
[exhales deeply]
-I don't think it works.
-Gosh.
Then, if oppa doesn't quite suit you…
Jagi?
Wait, I like that. Jagi.
Jagi works for you?
Hmm, yeah.
I really like the jagi also means oneself.
So it's like saying
that I'm you
and that you're me, we're the same.
Jagi.
I'm you, and you're me.
[playful music continues]
I'd like to stay here tonight.
I wasn't gonna let you leave.
[chuckles]
[squeals, laughs]
[door thuds]
[gentle music]
[gentle music continues]
[Du-sik exhales deeply]
[giggles]
Are you up?
Yeah.
You must be hungry.
I made toast and eggs.
Breakfast is served.
I'm okay.
You're not hungry?
I just…
I, I can't use my hands.
I'm not dressed at all yet.
I'll have to help you.
[sighs]
[clears throat]
If I feed you, would that be okay?
Yeah. Wait. Hang on.
-[Du-sik] Okay.
-[giggles]
-Ah…
There you go. It's good?
It's delicious. Any milk?
Milk? I've got it. Easy now.
[laughs]
[both laugh]
[Hye-jin] Mmm. This is perfect.
This is the best room service
I've ever had.
I could do it every day if you want.
Mm-hmm.
-One more bite.
-One more?
-Say, ah.
-Ah…
Two would be nice.
-Hm?
-[Du-sik] Kids I mean.
Having one, they might be lonely.
Raising three would be impossible.
So I think two is best of any gender.
Two, you say?
I guess we have some work to do then.
[both giggling]
What time is it?
[Hye-jin] Nine o'clock.
The neighborhood cleaning!
Are you serious?
We can skip today.
We'll take a rest day.
Other people get rest days.
It's not me and my future wife.
We gotta go.
Breakfast is over.
[gasps]
I'm still hungry.
-Chop-chop!
-Oh.
But you want two kids.
We'll work on that later.
[grunts]
We're late. Come on.
[exhales deeply]
Gosh.
Here, Hye-jin.
-Is this in my size?
-Yes.
I think it's too big.
[gasps]
[Geum-cheol]
Hey. These two lines. Over here.
[Chun-jae] Come on, it's clean enough.
We have more to do.
Good morning.
No, no. We already swept there. It's okay.
-Great work.
-Sweep over there.
-Yeah. This looks good to me.
-Be careful.
-What was that?
-[Nam-suk] Coming!
We're getting married.
What?
-What?
We got engaged yesterday.
You should probably say something.
We're…
really doing it.
[both scream]
[laughter]
[all cheering]
[all laughing, cheering]
[light music]
-[exhales deeply]
-[music fades]
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
[horn honks]
[tires screeching]
[brakes squealing]
[grunts, pants]
[Ji-won] Why are you so late?
We're barely gonna make it.
My bad. The clock
in my living room was off.
Seriously, you're such a slacker
when you're not working.
Are you ready to go?
-One minute.
-What?
What? Oh…
-All set?
-It'll do.
-Okay.
-Wait a minute.
Director Ji, your shoes!
-Dress shoes.
-All right, all right, all right.
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
[car door closes]
[pants]
[Ji-won] Hey.
What's your plan for doing this
without my help?
You know, I can't.
[Seong-hyeon panting]
Since you brought it up,
let me know when we can meet
about the next one.
And I wanna take you to dinner after.
There's some spots I hear are great.
-What are you doing?
-Something important.
I'm planning a date for us.
Just us.
We should probably plan
the next one too if possible.
There's so many places to go.
Here and overseas.
The Florence Cathedral
is pretty high up there for me.
You couldn't see it last time
because of work.
Seong-hyeon…
Everything I think about doing,
playing, eating, and working…
is always you.
Doing that, I'm hoping…
we'll stick together in some way.
[light music]
We are really late. We have to go.
Okay.
Run!
[light music continues]
[hurried footsteps receding]
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[soft chuckle]
[music fades]
"'With high hopes,'
Director Ji added that,
'The Seashore Grasshopper
can help us find joy
in our slow-paced everyday life
and reset what we view
as true incomparable
-and bountiful happiness.'
-[laughter]
The Seashore Grasshopper premieres
on the 23rd at 9:10 p.m."
[laughter]
-Oh, no, yes.
-We'll definitely watch!
Must you embarrass me
by reading the whole thing out loud?
How can I not?
I'm gonna say,
I think that Seoul got closer.
How else could he make the drive?
What's gotten into you? Don't be rude.
Well, I am glad you could come out.
-Of course.
-[laughter]
[Yeong-guk] Director Ji.
Did you really come all this way
to watch the premiere with us?
Yeah, it was important to me.
Without you,
the show wouldn't exist at all.
-[laughter]
-No, hold that thought!
-The true hero of the show is DOS.
-Oh, gosh.
[laughter]
I'm glad you came.
You help us fill out the table.
-Of course.
-[Suk-ja] Help me decide.
Should I call my daughter
and tell her to watch the show?
-I call ten percent ratings.
-Hold on, Director Ji.
The scene we're in with all of us eating,
isn't even in the first episode, is it?
-[Ju-ri] No way.
-[Yun-gyeong] Can you tell me,
did they use the part
where I was a little upset?
Even Bo-ra will watch that.
[laughs]
I didn't realize it that day,
but I probably should have shaved my, uh…
-That sucks.
-[laughter]
[Nam-suk] Shouldn't know.
We'll all get to watch Gam-ri again.
All of us.
[laughter]
-Goodness.
-Oh, Granny.
[chuckles]
-[Geum-cheol] I miss her.
-[Suk-ja] I miss Gam-ri.
-Hey! The show's starting!
-Oh. Looks so professional.
It's time. Ready, Bo-ra? Here we go!
Can the screen go any brighter? I, I mean…
-Dad, I think it's your age.
-Hey. Take off your shades. It's dark.
-[laughter]
-Oh, wow.
[indistinct chatter]
[Chun-jae] Double-digit ratings
in this day and age?
[chuckles]
I always wonder why someone
would choose a career other than music.
[chuckles]
It's so incredible.
I guess that's what you can expect
when you feature celebrities like…
[phone vibrates]
Seoul number. Oh.
Hi, who's this?
[agent] Hello there.
-Is this singer Oh Yoon I'm speaking to?
-Huh?
Oh. Oh, yeah. That's me.
What can I do for you?
[agent] Hello, I'm calling on behalf
of the JKBC show, Sugar People.
Wha… What?
[agent] We'd love to have you on the show
as a mentor and a veteran of the industry.
-Okay.
-[phone chimes]
Dad, I'm hungry. Give me food.
My stomach's hollow.
-Ju-ri.
-What?
[breathes in sharply]
I need you to pinch my cheek.
-No way.
-Pinch it for me.
Your face is too greasy.
I don't wanna touch it.
Do it for me.
[sighs]
But it's slippery.
[screams]
Let go!
Aw! Oh!
Oh. I didn't think
you'd try to pull up my face!
-[pained groan]
-But you told me to pinch you.
Well, aww…
[laughing and sobbing]
[Chun-jae] Aww…
I think it might bruise.
Wow. I've been in so much pain.
Dad, what's with you?
[Chun-jae breathes deeply]
-Ju-ri.
-Yes?
-I'm gonna be on Sugar People.
-[Ju-ri] What?
-Sugar People wants me on.
-What? Really?
Hold on a second.
Where is it?
-Oh.
-Mm?
[laughs]
Wait, Dad, do you know
who the other guests are?
Could it be DOS?
I just said Sugar People
wants me to go on.
[Ju-ri] So tell me about DOS.
-All you ever talk about is that group.
-They're called D-O-S.
Aren't you proud to your dad
is going to be on Sugar People?
-That's cool
-So? What about it?
[Du-sik] The Seashore Grasshopper
helped Chun-jae
transform back into Oh Yoon
and make more music.
Things turn up for the others too.
Everyone in town found happiness.
-Can we have some more side dishes?
-Hey!
-The food is delicious.
-Really? Oh, thank you.
-[customer] Ma'am, where's our food?
-Oh, it'll come out any second now.
-[customer] Okay. But we are waiting.
-Any second. I'll check.
I'm on my way to you.
Aren't you a growing boy
ordering two bowls?
-Thank you. Thank you so much.
-Oh, give me one second.
-I see you're finished! You ate your food.
-The food was great.
Thanks for coming in.
Please, please, come again, okay?
You can sit right here.
I'll clear the table for you. Thank you.
This right here. DOS signed for me. DOS.
-No way.
-You've heard of DOS, right?
Yeah. Of course.
You may take a photo.
[Du-sik] The summer seemed short
and blindingly bright,
Gongjin was thriving.
-[bicycle bell dings]
-Hye-jin.
[squeals]
Follow me home.
[light music]
[Du-sik] And our luck has yet to run out.
The good days keep coming.
[music fades]
So what's the next one about?
I always end up making shows
about whatever I'm interested in.
Mm-hm. So food and travel.
What else are you interested in then?
A dating show
but with no celebrities, okay?
Hm?
Everyone gets to test
if there can be something more
with real people who've been
in the friendzone for years.
[clears throat]
Like you?
Mm. Like us.
[soft music]
[soft chuckle]
Okay. That idea could do well.
-Wasn't it Pinocchio who sang that song?
-Yes, it was.
Pinocchio when his nose grows
for the second time.
-Yes, that's it. Make a note, Ji-won.
-Okay.
-Pinocchio has a nose that…
-Pinocchio…
Something's going on. I don't like it.
It's stuffy.
Jeez, you guys open a window in here?
Is that too much?
If it's so terrible, why are you smiling?
Good news, no?
My dad is able to walk again
as long as he's got his leg braces.
For real?
That's great.
[chuckles]
Yes, it's a miracle.
Yes, it certainly is.
[Ji-won] Is he better in general then?
-He's good.
-[Ji-won] Really?
[Seong-hyeon] Don't you worry, Do-ha.
I'm not worried at all.
[Seong-hyeon] Have a seat.
You should really be worried
about this meeting, though.
-Ah…
-You got any ideas?
[camera shutter clicks]
Jagi, what do you think?
[exhales deeply]
[light music]
Whoa.
Absolutely stunning.
-Really?
-Yes.
The dress I mean, it's transformed you.
-Don't make a joke.
-Shoot. Where do they go?
What?
Your wings.
I heard angels are supposed to have them.
They're in my closet for now.
-Is that so?
-[Hye-jin] Yes.
Well, you're beautiful.
-Really?
-[Du-sik] Mm-hm.
Who knew your birthday gift
would be for wedding photos?
I would have gotten you a nicer one.
Don't say that. I love this one.
It's my dream suit.
Okay. You let me pick another
for the wedding?
Oh, and remember we have
the dress fitting next week?
Is it that soon?
Our wedding day will be here
before you know it.
We have to make sure we're ready.
Oh, should we rent a bus
to get people there?
Getting Gongjin to Seoul,
it might be easiest.
-I've already booked one.
-My hero.
I was a little shocked.
I thought you'd want photos
in a studio, not in town.
Mm. The wedding is all about harmony.
Glamor.
Simplicity.
-Altogether.
-[laughs]
Besides,
we're doing Seoul for the ceremony
so I wanted photos in Gongjin.
It's where our story started
and where we'll have
our happily ever after.
Shall we?
[breathes deeply]
[Hye-jin] I'm ready.
[playful music]
[Du-sik exhales]
Let's go.
[exclaims]
Well, the weather is so good.
-Let's get some pictures.
-Sure.
-What's this?
-[Du-sik] My gosh.
-Oh, my.
-Oh, you are doing your own photos?
Yeah, we wanted to keep it all small.
Oh, you two look amazing today.
Oh, are you sure you don't need
an assistant to help with the photos?
Let me be of help. I can do that.
-It's all right. We're good.
-You know, we're okay. Thank you, though.
Don't say no. I don't mind at all.
I'll hold your veil,
make sure your train is flat.
-Oh! And makeup, I can touch it up.
-Nam-suk.
-My makeup should last all day.
I know, I know. But you said
you like this color. Strawberry milk.
-It will look so much better on you.
-But we're fine.
-It's really fine.
-Where are you headed? Over there?
-The view over here is better.
-Can you at least try
-breathing just a little bit?
-Oh, come on.
-Nam-suk--
-You both look so beautiful today.
I looked just like her
on my wedding day, you know?
-You sure did.
-Oh, come on. Let's go.
-I'm good, I'm good. I'm good.
-[Nam-suk] I can't believe this.
-All good?
-Oh, hold on.
-Wait for us then.
-[Nam-suk] Come on! Come on!
Oh, you two, could be in a magazine.
-I was just like you when I was your age.
-Ah! I came rushing over.
-Chun-jae, that was fast.
-I came running.
-I called an extra help.
-[laughter]
-You look amazing.
-Doesn't she?
You know me. Low key. No stress.
A wedding is a celebration
and needs music, huh?
-[Chun-jae and Nam-suk humming]
-No tune. Let's get out of here.
[Geum-cheol] Du-sik! Du-sik!
We've done this whole thing before.
-No, thanks. No.
-You have to get motion in the bottom…
-like this, and this. And then we'll have…
-Doesn't she look stunning?
You can retouch the shape of your body,
but not your facial expression!
-What? What do you mean?
-Smile, smile, smile.
-Smile! Smile!
-You look incredible!
-[laughter, humming]
-[guitar playing]
-Hey!
-Hey! Guys!
[overlapping chatter]
It's been way too long
since we had a wedding to look forward to.
-Goodness.
-No, no, no…
Oh, no, no.
-Yes!
-Gam-ri, Gam-ri. Are you watching this?
-Du-sik is getting married!
-Du-sik!
[laughter]
-Can you make sure her dress doesn't drag?
-Today…
[Yun-gyeong] Off we go!
[Chun-jae] You must be thrilled
to have us all congratulate you.
Is Uncle Du-sik seriously in a suit?
Hye-jin, was that dress the best option?
Oh, my eyes!
-Ju-ri.
-Ju-ri!
-What?
-Is it a Sunday?
Oh, stop that.
All right. Let's go!
[Yeong-guk] Whatever.
Let's just get going.
Come on!
-[distant chatter]
-[water gushing]
[all singing]
Mi-seon, why don't we join them
and take notes?
[Chun-jae] This is all because
you have a singer in the mix.
-Ooh! Yeah!
-Guys, hurry on over.
[overlapping chatter]
-[laughter]
-She's so pretty.
[Du-sik] I don't even know anymore.
-Come on!
-Du-sik, watch this.
Here we go. Guess we're going here.
[Yeong-guk] Don't tense up. Relax!
-Let's go!
[indistinct chatter]
-One, two, three.
-[camera shutter clicks]
Cut.
Okay.
-[Nam-suk] How was that?
-[Geum-cheol] Don't try to move.
…when her veil was covering her face?
Let's take another one.
-It's okay--
-Take it again.
-That's fine.
-The sun's too bright.
Hey, no, no. It's fine really. It's okay.
-We're fine. Really.
-[Geum-cheol] We need a stronger breeze.
[Hye-jin] It's okay.
Don't just wait there,
get out of the photo. Get out!
Do these count as photos
we did it ourselves?
Beats me.
[overlapping chatter]
-This way you'll get the water too.
-She's right.
All right, I feel so…
You know, for wedding photos,
you need at least
-one photo of the couple kissing.
-Oh, no. Oh, no. We're okay.
-What? We're not doing that. No.
-[Mat-i] I agree!
A kiss in public is far too embarrassing
for everyone.
-You should know better.
-Oh, you're so old.
You need a kiss photo. We did one.
Oh, we can show you if you want.
Jagi,
can you do something?
You could put your hands like this.
-Do it.
-Kiss for the camera.
On the count of three, we run.
-Mm-hm.
-Okay?
One…
Two…
Three!
[Mi-seon] Oh, Hye-jin!
-[giggling]
-[Du-sik] Thanks, everyone.
We'll do the rest by ourselves!
-Hey!
-We love you!
Whoa!
-Bye!
-Be happy!
[indistinct chatter]
-Bye!
-[laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
-[Hye-jin panting]
-[Du-sik] Watch out!
[both laugh]
[both panting]
You think they'd come all the way up here?
No way. They call this "hell of mountain".
[pants]
I think they are on to something.
-You know I did that in heels?
-Oh, what a superhero!
Okay. Now.
SUN-IM
"The Sun-im" is the name of this boat?
[Du-sik] Yeah.
It's so cute.
The Sun-im.
[chuckles]
It could be a person's name.
It is. It's my grandma's name.
[gasps]
Oh, so it was named after her.
-Oh. Oh, sorry. I didn't know.
-[chuckles]
Your grandfather
must've been such a romantic.
You could learn from him.
-Hm?
-The boat.
If I wanted to make it a tradition…
could I add my name under hers,
in small letters?
Not a chance.
[snorts]
I'll write it myself upfront
in huge letters.
-[both chuckle]
-Okay then.
I'll be at the front of the boat
making sure the waters are clear for you.
The sea won't always
be this gentle, you know.
Someday we'll run into a typhoon,
and who knows what else
could come our way.
So what? It's just rain.
Who cares when the wind picks up…
so long as we're in the boat together?
[laughs]
Let's get started.
-One with Grandma.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Go, go, go…
-Hurry, hurry.
-Okay. One…
-[camera shutter clicks]
I'll rewind it.
-That looks okay?
-[Du-sik] Perfect.
Hey, hey, hey…
Here we go, here we go, here we go.
One…
[hums]
[camera shutter clicks]
Next through André Kim. André Kim.
-André Kim pose, you know?
-André Kim.
You're right. I'll nail it.
One…
[humming]
[camera shutter clicks]
[cell phones chiming]
-Hold on. Let me see what this is about.
-Same.
-Hello?
-What?
-[Hye-jin] What?
-You tripped? Are you okay?
-You bit the inside of your cheek?
-Where are you?
-Ms. Mat-i?
[both breathing nervously]
Jeez.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[birds chirping]
SPECIAL THANKS TO LEE DO-YEOP